Isn't it just bullying my husband's age?
What's there to be arrogant about?
I still want my husband to give this fool
Waste and bargains
apologize
No way they don't deserve me
It just so happens that Taro is of noble blood
Fuso people
He Zhao Mi is just a mud leg in the countryside
It's impossible for me to apologize to him
But
I, Taro Takahashi, am not a man of unbelief
So be it.
I'll give you 100 bucks and it's over
What do you mean by taking the 100 yuan?
Is my father's personality and dignity worth 100?
Why is it too little?
Then I'll give you 1,000 yuan.
It's not about the money at all.
You bargain
I want to sit on the ground with your useless dad
Right?
Here 10,000 dollars. You take it
Enough for you women for half a year
Stop biting my wife
Husband, don't be angry
They just want money, these hillbillies
10,000 bucks is enough for them
Don't be angry.
I don't want money.
I just need your apology.